this is one of my old mp3 players it's a
dull digital jukebox this one is a 15
gigabyte hard drive and I bought this a
few years ago and I've used it quite a
bit it's still an okay shape it's a
little banged up there's um some scuff
marks that here at that one corner and
the back plate looks like it doesn't
seat
quite right on on one side but other
than that it's in pretty good shape
there are no major scratches or scuffs
on the on the face plate here or on that
on the screen and it's definitely in
functioning condition it's turned it on
I don't have any music on here I took it
all off obviously but it works fine the
accessories that I'm going to include in
this listing right here you've got the
product CD that came with the new mp3
player it'll have the drivers and and
the software it shouldn't be too
difficult to download the drivers in the
software from the internet if you got an
internet connection but I'll include
this just in case you need it also will
be included this carrying case
the mp3 player fits in there anyway and
protects it pretty well you can carry
this around it's got a little clip put
on your belt also included is the USB
cable that plugs into the mp3 player
that plugs into your computer so you can
upload music or mp3s to your player this
is a power cord and this is the other
part of the power source this plugs in
the mp3 player this plugs into this
cable and that plugs into the wall
socket I do not have the original
headphones that came with this so I will
not be including any headphones in this
listing